The Kenpo Rinpoche's had dreamed for years of creating a retreat center in the beautiful
Florida countryside, a place where Buddhists and others could engage in tranquil reflection,
deep meditation, and authentic retreat. That dream began to be a reality in 2014, when
we found the land that would become Palden Sherab Pema Ling, Lotus Land of Glorious Wisdom,
named after Ven. Khenchen Palden Sherab Rinpoche, who passed into Maha Parinirvana in 2010.
A little over 10 acres, with a cypress grove, three pole barns and a house, and hundreds
of trees, Ven. Khenchen Palden Sherab Rinpoche saw what it could become. After careful planning
and preparation, we worked together to transform the property, tending to the cypress grove,
planting hundreds of new trees and shrubs, and creating a beautiful Buddha garden. Then
we turned our attention to the central barn, converting it into a Buddhist temple, opening
up the interior space, bringing in natural light, and enclosing the exterior to define
the sacred space. We plan to unveil this beautiful temple in early 2020, offering a new and unique
home for the Buddha Dharma here in South Florida. We welcome you to join us on this journey,
and to contribute to our efforts in whatever way feels best for you. We hope that you will
join us in celebrating the endless compassion and loving-kindness of the Buddha.